Lavana Oriley: Hello.
Hi.
Lavana Oriley: How are you
Lavana Oriley: I'm doing
Well,
Lavana Oriley: How long did it take to check in through the virtual clinic.
LTE: And they had me on the thing where it says, waiting, waiting for an old person for like three minutes.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah.
LTE: A couple minutes.
Lavana Oriley: Okay. All right.
Lavana Oriley: So I see you're in the bathroom again. That's the only place you can have any privacy huh
LTE: Yeah, I live.
LTE: In a place where there's a lot of people. So yeah, pretty much. I mean, know a lot of people that I live with someone I call grandma, but I just known her for a long time.
Lavana Oriley: Mm hmm.
LTE: My family's known their family for a long time. Actually, my brother's best friends, Grandma. So that's why I came here because that way. My brother could trust that I was with people that weren't doing drugs.
LTE: But grandma has the kids live here and and their kids so
Lavana Oriley: There's a lot of people
LTE: Yeah, there's a lot of people. And so I went to
LTE: I went to court after all.
LTE: Yeah. And that was a big surprise because
LTE: temporary custody turns into permanent custody and I when they went there, they must have found that out immediately. And that's why they were telling me not to go
LTE: Because they wanted it to turn into temporary custody without me even knowing it until I until I it would until it was over. You know what I mean.
Lavana Oriley: How long, how long does it take to get from one position to the next.
LTE: So,
Lavana Oriley: Once you do Tipperary. How long does it take to get permanent
LTE: So I was signed for temporary and December.
Lavana Oriley: Mm hmm.
LTE: They had another one on the sixth of February. Then add another one right now on the 13th, which is the one I went to
LTE: I told Mom, I was going to end. Oh no, if the if the lawyer thought it was a good idea, then she would have told you to come
Lavana Oriley: Okay, but you went anyway.
LTE: I said, No, Mom. I'm gonna go because I'm part of the team and I don't want to look like I'm out on the streets doing drugs. Yeah. Oh, a fine if you're going to go there. Just go and she hangs up on me.
LTE: So,
LTE: I went anyway. And I found out that they're sending papers to every family member that they have to say because you have to tell it all the family members about this. That way if anyone wants to reject, they can
Lavana Oriley: You know,
LTE: So it would have turned into permanent on the 13th, but one person they forgot to send it to so
Lavana Oriley: And it would have turned into permanent with or without you.
Lavana Oriley: Your consent or just
Lavana Oriley: You being there you prevented it from
LTE: Well, but having this
Lavana Oriley: Person signature. That's the only thing that prevented that.
LTE: That wasn't the person
LTE: Yep. And, and it was not. It wasn't even the signature. IT WAS THEY HAVE TO HAVE PROOF OF PROOF THAT THEY notified everybody. And there was one person. They didn't notify they didn't know they had to so on. Then they gave it the next court date is June 25
Lavana Oriley: So wow that's
Lavana Oriley: That's a long way away.
LTE: To me that's a blessing. You know, because these are my options. I can object which, if I object. I need to have a good plan like I need to have a place
Lavana Oriley: Mm hmm.
LTE: Because of course what wherever the kids to be to be permanent.
Lavana Oriley: You know, okay, yeah.
LTE: So I have to have a place in income and and be backed up well. So I haven't objected yet because I don't have a place yet, but I do have income taxes coming
LTE: For now, I went and all of a sudden, now I'm always treated me with respect, you know,
LTE: Before it was like, Oh, you're gonna you're going to go to my house for two years and do this and that Miss neck and then after I went she texted me because she found out that I found out that there were being snakes. They were just this behind my back.
LTE: After I asked them for help, you know,
LTE: We plan this all together and then all of a sudden, you're just going to decide what's right for my kids like and I'm a decent mom.
Lavana Oriley: You know, and you know what, for the first time since I mean, last time I spoke with you was the first time you mentioned that your mom was gets a frantic
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Does the court know that
LTE: Yeah, they know. They know but it's also my brother is the other guardian. Mm hmm. She's been on medication for 10 years and she has her doctors writing notes saying that she's
LTE: She's better now, which is baloney. Because all she has to say is, Oh, I feel fine. And they take it as she feels fine you know
LTE: I don't hear voices. Okay, you know. Yeah. So, which will back me up if I really have to fight them, you know, I really hope that they don't because once I have, I have a job and
LTE: I'm doing everything I possibly can. Do you know i work every day. I've been picking up every single hour that I can pick up that they say hey Trina, do you want to do this. Yes, yes, yes, yes.
LTE: And then all even after school. I see my kids Wednesday all afternoon Friday all afternoon Saturday all day to the night Sunday all day until the night I never fail always so I'm doing something every second of every single day, you know,
LTE: And
LTE: And so now mom's day. Oh, we're not trying to take the kids from you. We're just trying to make sure that Aaron doesn't get them. And I'm like, because they were acting like Aaron is the kid's dad areas.
LTE: That I signed the babies over because I needed to make sure that my side which is was my brother and my mom was stable, more, more than him.
LTE: Yeah, and it turned into them trying to get my my my rights taken away.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah yeah
LTE: And so now. So Aaron only has supervised visitation out of facility that's what the drug, the judge ruled and they're trying to say, Oh, we're doing this because we're trying to make sure the kids don't Aaron don't get the kids and she starts crying. She's trying to manipulate me by cry.
LTE: Or you do one thing wrong. He's going to get them Trina and I just, I went off on her. I was like, you know, what if there's anybody that just realizes how serious this is. Right now, it's me, you know. So now I'm fighting. I didn't say this. I said, I know how serious
LTE: Are you and I said it, but I'm not going to your house and living with you for two years until you say it's okay. I know, and
LTE: And, you know, my mom. She doesn't seem like she's about the money. But she sure does like having it you know because she gets her 900 disability for her head and now she's getting the 700 for the kids. And before when I lived her. She held my card. She had that money at that time.
LTE: And it went five years and I never got my card. You know, it was never even a question because I didn't want to fight her
LTE: So,
LTE: She ain't gonna give that up. I'm not going to put myself in that position, plus being under my mom's not right in the head.
Lavana Oriley: Mm hmm.
LTE: No, it's like being under a crazy person. Some, like she thinks that things have to be this way and there's no other way around it and this and this and this and you have to be Catholic
LTE: Or you're going to hell and you have to do this and that and this and that. And she ties and she bought me when I wanted to take the bottles away from my kids.
LTE: Mm hmm. And they were like, three by that time.
Lavana Oriley: So now, does your brother totally support all that with the everything says your brothers right along with her.
LTE: Yeah, he is. Because they don't have that I have that assurance that I'm not going to do drugs. I have that peace in my heart. That's the only piece. I do have in my heart right now. I know that that's my choice and I don't ever have to make that choice.
LTE: You know,
LTE: But they don't have that. So, Donnie sees it as the kids are with mom than this won't happen again. But I see it as my mom was 15 miles out in the middle of nowhere. She has my car. She practically stole it for me.
LTE: And then when her car breaks. She's going to try to take my new one that I have to buy
LTE: And then she's gonna have her hand out for money 24 seven. It's not doable. I'll never be able to get on my feet ever
LTE: Very I'll lose my job because I won't be able to make it to work, you know,
LTE: And Donnie sees it as it's just easier that way I think to listen to mom and to go in Go is the safest bet for him.
LTE: You know, but you know I have. It's been two months I have about three more months until that
LTE: Man.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, about three, four months.
Lavana Oriley: So you're not gonna get all your ducks in a row to try to get place by the time you go back in June.
LTE: So what I'm going to do.
LTE: And they know you're gonna have to really
Lavana Oriley: Get to have to really get some balls dealing with your mother.
LTE: And
Lavana Oriley: If you number one. You can't allow her to keep the kids. Number two, you can't allow her to keep your card number three. You can't allow it to collect money off the kids, you know,
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: You're the mother. I mean this. She's completely what she's doing is totally against the law. And you can turn her in
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, cuz she stole your car she sold your kid. She sold your, you know, your welfare or whatever the the card is that you get
Lavana Oriley: Food. Yeah, or
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, and you have to get all that back.
LTE: Because
Lavana Oriley: You to start from scratch and buy another car and then
Lavana Oriley: Expect To Pay first and last month's rent on an apartment, you know, you're gonna have to be putting out like two $3,000 there.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah apartments are first and last month's rent and then a security.
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Well, that's gonna be two or $3,000
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, I'm I know you can't afford to buy another car and pay that first and last month's on an apartment. So some kind of way. You've got to be able to stand. Do you have an extra set of keys to the car.
LTE: No, I do, but they don't work. They work to open it, but they don't work to run it.
Lavana Oriley: Some kind of way. You got to get that car back it's yours. It's in your name.
LTE: I mean, I have
Lavana Oriley: I haven't had the pink slip. But do you will you be able to, I mean, once you get everything together. You're going to need that car.
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: You're not gonna be able to afford to buy another one.
Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah.
LTE: So what I'm doing right now is I'm just she's like Oh, who said two years, I said you did yesterday.
LTE: Yeah, and you know what she did say the last time I brought, she said. I said, Mom, I can't go there and do what you want for two years of your prisoner Audrina it's not gonna, it's probably going to be more than two years.
LTE: The networking
Lavana Oriley: And how did she get to decide that
LTE: The next day after
Lavana Oriley: Me away.
LTE: The next day after court, who said two years. I'm like you did. I'm not doing that. And, but what I did was I let everything that all go to the house and be around or with the kids at first, which I'm fine with doing that. I just don't live there.
LTE: You know, um, but I did let her think that because I don't want her having all this time.
LTE: To go with their lawyer and get all this ammunition against me.
LTE: So I'm gonna have to be sneaky. And you know what you need to clean your house up. Anyways, so go ahead and clean your house.
LTE: That's what she's doing right now clean your house. So it can be good for the kids, which is good. You need to do that. Anyways,
LTE: We should have our
LTE: Own that your whole life, you know,
LTE: And you're going to have the kids sometimes. So it should be clean, no matter what, you know,
LTE: I mean, even if I'm there with the kids. It should be clean, you know, and I have a good relationship with my mom. But when you cross her
LTE: She could hold a grudge. So I don't know how that's going to go, but I'm ready to do that because I mean she's made me stay in this town, my whole life. It's a little town where you don't get anywhere people that stay here, end up on drugs from Florida.
LTE: There's no
LTE: There's nothing here for me a high school at straight A's. I had the chance to go to university. Oh no, don't do that. Just go to community college out here. You know, I had another chance to move to Colorado. Oh, don't do that on and on. Just guilt tripping me into just
LTE: You know what, and so
LTE: Right now I'm letting your thing that I'm going to move in, because she's letting me she's using the car to let me see my kids all those times that I told you about just
LTE: You know, do that as much as I possibly can.
LTE: without finding
LTE: Any of us. I don't want their we're having all this time to just think of all the million things that I've done wrong in my life. You know what I mean.
LTE: So, and then I'm going to, I'm pushing off getting my taxes back
LTE: I have an appointment for the 12 to get up to to do it.
LTE: I don't want to have that money in my hand for a long, long time. I don't want to fight with my mom. I don't want anything, you know,
Lavana Oriley: You put the money in the bank.
LTE: Yeah, you know, I just got a bank account.
Lavana Oriley: Good, good for you.
LTE: There. Yeah. I also got appeal box.
LTE: Nice so that my mail doesn't go to my mom's house.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah yeah
LTE: Giving me my mail already opened
Lavana Oriley: Oh my god. You've been under your mother's thumb for so many years. She's so used to telling you what to do and you're so used to
LTE: I really am.
Lavana Oriley: And now, at this point, it's like you're finally realized, you've got your own life to lead you have
LTE: To lie and so
Lavana Oriley: On you.
LTE: You're trying to steal my kids from
Lavana Oriley: Yeah.
LTE: You know, that's just, that's not right. Like, I'm good. Mom, I like I literally all my friends tell me you're the best model. I know. You know what I mean, like,
LTE: Like, I'm a good mom. So it's like
LTE: I could understand if it was
Lavana Oriley: If she saw you abusing them. Yes. But no, she's doing this. She's doing this to punish you. She's doing this to I told you so she's doing this because you went against what she wants, and and
Lavana Oriley: Unfortunately, that's basically what you're going to have to do from here on out and you have to be a little kind of sneaky about it to see your kids, that's what you have to do because
LTE: And, you know, and it's that. And then also, they're also I found out my mom's the one that called child support and set up all this stuff with them.
LTE: Because she gets aid. So when you get a from welfare welfare. His job is to call child support. That's not your job, you know, but she went out of her way to do that because
LTE: I can almost guarantee you that the lawyer told her to oh you know if she's if she's getting money taken out of her checks, then it's just less likely that she's going to get our stuff together and or and you'll be able to get that permanent
Lavana Oriley: Guardian. Hmm.
LTE: But even if they even if they did get permit guardianship.
LTE: And I'm not going to let them. But even if they did, I just have to get my ducks in line and and all my i's and cross all my teeth and I could still terminate it, you know, and then all the
Lavana Oriley: Guys don't have ultimately you agree to that.
LTE: That's what I would think that's what I would think that you would. I would have to agree to a whole nother
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, because I mean if the parents are dead.
Lavana Oriley: They can go ahead and do this. But if the parents are alive.
LTE: It's ridiculous. And I
Lavana Oriley: Can't see how they can just steamroll you like this.
LTE: And you know, I just, I was before I was a full for letting them guilty to me and not going to those first two
Lavana Oriley: That no no better
Lavana Oriley: Now you leave me on top of it.
LTE: Yes miss anything ever again. Ever.
LTE: And then
LTE: I stayed and waited to talk to the bail the bailiff person after they have them and we were like the first people to go up because my kids. His last name Adamson they are there layer come back in and wait and see what I was going to ask the bailiff
LTE: Yeah, so I yeah all I asked was, hey, my family's kind of been pushing me nots come to these I'm here now and I need to know what exactly is going on because
LTE: From what I'm hearing. It's a lot more than what I was told. You know, and then. So I went to the little room where they tell you about what's going on and what your options are and the people were really, really helpful.
LTE: They wrote here. So they told me I can either object, but I do have to have it lined up like, hey, no, I want this instead.
Lavana Oriley: Right now.
LTE: Or I can wait an object later or worse comes to worse you terminate it
LTE: No, I'm
LTE: So,
LTE: And then in the meantime.
LTE: The kids live with my brother. They don't even live with my mom, but my mom's getting the welfare for it. Right.
LTE: And then
Lavana Oriley: Saying
LTE: My brother has. And then my mom has my car, which is worth about $2,000 and then I gave her my aid for December and then $200 and food stamps of $200
LTE: No, I gave her my 200 and footsteps of 200 in cash aid in December that I gave her all my aid in January. So really, I am way ahead of the game when it
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Right. You know, you don't over anything
LTE: No, and I'm gonna tell the child support lady that yeah yeah
Lavana Oriley: We need to write all this down and
Lavana Oriley: Document everything
LTE: Yes.
Lavana Oriley: And I was like, okay, Peter, how much you've given her the whole the whole thing.
LTE: And
LTE: And I think she must just be, She must not even realize that she's done all this, you know. No, she she owes me I'm doing all this for her. She that's what anyone should do you know what I mean, which is what anyone should do but also it's like I don't owe you anything.
LTE: So you're right in trouble, you were trying to just run out my whole freakin tax return in her pocket to fix her house, she was trying to have my my paychecks for gas money because she's taking the kids to see me so much. And then she's trying to
LTE: Help me pay child support. On top of that, you know, and live in her house, like I just
Lavana Oriley: Wish if everything she asked for. She keeps getting she's just gonna keep asking for more
LTE: Oh yeah, no.
Lavana Oriley: You know, there's no and
LTE: It's just, and then you know she we didn't have enough gas money one time and this was the very beginning. Well, you're going to have to go panhandle
Lavana Oriley: Oh my
LTE: God, I'm gonna drop you out on the street, you're gonna have to go band animal
LTE: And I obviously I asked a friend for money before I would ever panhandle
LTE: But it just. That's how much she thinks like that's where the guilt trip. That's how far she's pulling it
You know what I mean.
LTE: And so, and then the other day, she said, you're going to have to panhandle she looks at me in the rearview mirror window like she's testing me. Can I stop you there, you know, cuz which are there and it was like, I'm not
Ready.
LTE: You're not
Lavana Oriley: Don't give her the reaction. Don't give her the action, she wants. That's exactly what she wants, because he's able to push your buttons.
Lavana Oriley: As she knows how to get you to do what she wants you to do, and you've done it and you've been a willing
Lavana Oriley: Participant and now you're realizing it's not in your best interest to be going along with her.
Lavana Oriley: Know, and she's never gonna be okay with that.
Here's
LTE: This everybody needs to get so used to wake you up in the morning. Okay.
LTE: Alright. Have a good night.
Lavana Oriley: Okay.
Lavana Oriley: Okay, say something. Because I can't hear you.
Lavana Oriley: I can't hear you.
Lavana Oriley: Can't hear you.
Lavana Oriley: Oh yeah, I hear you now.
LTE: Okay, I'm just gonna turn you down a little bit. It was
Lavana Oriley: It wasn't working with your headphones on.
LTE: No.
LTE: That's okay though because our meetings, almost over. Anyways,
LTE: Are well actually what we got like 20 minutes till
LTE: So,
Lavana Oriley: I oh and then really think about making a plan writing things down, making sure you know your priority is
Lavana Oriley: shopping around
Lavana Oriley: For what, how much are apartments going around there. How much are you gonna have to pay for rent. Do you know
Lavana Oriley: 700. That's not bad.
Lavana Oriley: That's not bad. How bad. How much are we getting paid from your, your job.
LTE: I'm getting paid minimum wage, which is 12 hmm
But you're working photo.
LTE: And I'm working
LTE: I'm working about five hours a day. Okay. So, no nothing.
Lavana Oriley: So like
Lavana Oriley: 20 hours.
LTE: And I've been journaling everything. Everything. Everything of good. I've been writing down every time I see the kids have been journaling everything to the Tea every single day.
Lavana Oriley: And then
Lavana Oriley: Also document everything as far as financials with your mother write all that down and write down a list of everything you need to do to get an apartment.
Lavana Oriley: Start shopping around let people know let people know you're looking and a lot of times, like you might if you're on Facebook.
Lavana Oriley: Let people know you're looking for apartment. People like come out of the blue. Oh, I know somebody who somebody who somebody who's got an apartment. You know what I mean.
LTE: Yes, yes.
LTE: Yes. Yes. Um, and then it made me so angry. Today, my brother's girlfriend hates me with the passion. I told you about this already, right.
Yes.
LTE: Okay, so she went to the school board. She went to somebody on the school board and told them her whole little spiel. She has, I can only imagine what she says, because
LTE: About, you know, my mom. Yes.
LTE: About. Look, I went to them for help, but she used
LTE: Oh, she's a drug addict that love that love that she shouldn't be working at a school
LTE: She went to a board member that board member went to the superintendent, the superintendent went to the principal and they were just about to hire me on and she got it to where they didn't fire me thank God because of my friend that works in there that I've been telling everything
Lavana Oriley: Now for you.
LTE: Yes, she did. But she got it to where I didn't get that permanent position that I was just about to get
Lavana Oriley: Oh wow, that's that's less. Wow.
LTE: That's like, Yeah, you know,
undervalue
LTE: You really and she's 22 years old, you know, and it's like you really love my kids have you
LTE: You're taking care of. It's almost like I'm dealing with a jealous step.
Lavana Oriley: How old is your brother.
Lavana Oriley: 25
Oh, okay.
LTE: So he's got like three years owner, but she doesn't he doesn't know that she did that.
LTE: And if I told him she would probably I was just venting to my friend. I didn't know she would do that, you know,
LTE: Yeah, so it really bothered me that she was able to do that.
Yeah.
LTE: And then it bothers me that I tried to message. My brother about
LTE: The kids are because I work at the school so I know everything that's going on.
LTE: And and she hates that so I messaged my brother. Now I just messaged because she's with them. Sometimes, and he's not so I mess it I just made a group text between her and my brothers so that everything right. They both see
LTE: Not just her because she could easily just delete things
LTE: And so I messaged hey you know the award ceremonies on this day and Madison needs to know this list of words in order to get her award. Um, and then she's like Oh, Madison already told me we
LTE: We work on. We go over the words every day.
LTE: never fail twice a day. We don't need your updates.
LTE: I'm just like, dude, like when you are working with kids. You have to, no matter if you don't like the person you have to co parent. Everybody has me a team.
Lavana Oriley: Right, yeah.
LTE: No matter if you don't like me or not I'm their mother and I'm in their life. Big time.
Lavana Oriley: And all you can do is take the high road you
Lavana Oriley: Can't change how she's acting
You're not going to ask
LTE: And just ignored it. And that's all you
Lavana Oriley: Can do.
LTE: And you just going to ignore it. Oh God, and then
LTE: Yesterday, I'm in the market. I go up to get a restroom token, because you have to have a token to get into the bathroom.
LTE: And I went to this lady to get that work there. She said, No, there's one at the service counter I make eye contact with the lady and service counter lockup can ever zoomtopia please
LTE: And she has one, I say thank you as my ladder notice someone looking at me I look over and it's braylon my brother's girlfriend.
LTE: Oh, nice. Yeah, I still have a smile on my face. I just went to the I went walked away went to the bathroom. She texts. She called me.
LTE: Out of all the lines, you could have went in as the fucking one you pick glad that you did that on purpose. Me and Danny are doing all this for you, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, like, dude, I didn't know you were in that line like
LTE: My
Lavana Oriley: Revolves around her.
LTE: Yeah, and so I hung up on her because she's going off.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah yeah
LTE: And then she
Lavana Oriley: Listened to that.
LTE: No, I don't. And she calls back thinking I'm going to answer.
LTE: And I just forward or call and then she texts me yours just suck you Trina with your shit eating grin and I did not do it on purpose. Like, I didn't know I was smiling at the lady I look over someone's looking at me. I see her. And I just walk away.
Yeah.
LTE: I'm not the type of person. I've never walked up to anyone that doesn't like me and act at all cool just to bother them. I hate, I hate confrontation. Look at the way my mom's treated me, obviously I hate. Yeah.
LTE: Yeah exam.
LTE: So then she tells my brother that I did it on purpose and
LTE: he texts me. Well, if it was so and so you wouldn't have done that, blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm like, Donnie, you know me. I've never done that to anybody. I'm not going to start now.
LTE: If you want to believe that, go for it. You know, like I don't hate braylon her hatred is one sided like I was really hoping that one day if you guys were still together.
LTE: We could get over all this. Now I'm thinking that's probably not going to happen to me but I told him, I said, no matter what happens in between. As long as you're with her. Also it be open to that because you're my brother. I love you, you know, and you know, and so
LTE: He has to understand that because he knows what kind of person I am. He knows that I'm
LTE: I'm not a mean I don't play that role. Then shit.
LTE: Yeah, and when he says
LTE: I forgive anybody for anything.
LTE: No, I don't want them all that kind of shit my heart. It's just too much.
Yeah.
LTE: And I just, but it scares me because and then my daughter tells me, she's playing with me, she's pretending to be my auntie because Berlin is her auntie.
LTE: And she's like, does my heroes. I think empty and pretending to be the kid. She's the empty and then she says
LTE: My father than mom.
Lavana Oriley: Busted.
LTE: Yeah, like, and I
LTE: Yeah, and I just
LTE: I just pretended like I was like, Yeah, you know, I just pretended
LTE: I laugh when I was like this. Brandon really asked you that. And I was like, it wasn't. I was playing with her. Still, she did.
LTE: Not feel on the spot.
LTE: Right.
LTE: And she's like, Yeah, yeah.
Lavana Oriley: She's so by you. She's so threatened by unfortunately because
LTE: You know, she's like dealing with a
Teenager or
LTE: And like, like I'm a threat to my uncle rather
LTE: You know, maybe it's weird some weird. All I know is, though, that I don't trust my brother, because he lets braylon have all control.
LTE: He's letting me do this to me.
LTE: Because I don't trust my brother. I don't trust my mom, you know, I just have to do it for myself. There's no other way around. It even about to. There's no other way around it, you know, and I'm
LTE: I'm all right. With that, I want to do it myself, you know, and at the school. I have a new group of friends that are just great people. They do anything for me.
LTE: That's fantastic. Well,
LTE: I mean, even from the start, like when I was embarrassed about everything. They're like, No, you need just because you did what you did, does not mean that you have to live.
LTE: And put yourself through this for years and years because you did something wrong. Right. You get over it and move forward with your kids and grownups that I'm a very hands on mom. So, even before all this, I was at the school I was
LTE: always asking questions, I will always
LTE: Always, always seeing what's up with my kids. They know I'm a good mom.
LTE: No, I've never so that helps. And they're just like, oh my god. This is ridiculous. I got
LTE: This just blows my mind that, you know,
LTE: So,
LTE: I just, I'm so glad that I have, because it really does take support it does
Lavana Oriley: Oh, it definitely does.
Lavana Oriley: It definitely does.
LTE: And I'm glad that I have my support in a and then I have my support with you guys.
LTE: And then I have my support of the school.
LTE: And again, like, three totally different support systems. But really, like,
LTE: Definitely awesome in different ways.
LTE: And so, and then you know by three more months I can know every person at that school write me a letter, you know. Yeah, and they
Lavana Oriley: Let a letter of reference that
Lavana Oriley: They, you know, they know you they seen you interact with your kids, blah, blah, blah. And you know, I didn't. You don't have to defend yourself a justify yourself to anybody. As far as
Lavana Oriley: You know, you're a good mother, you can be securing that you don't have to convince anybody else have that it's it's your mother that's making you feel the insecure.
Lavana Oriley: Other her you know your problems would be pretty miniscule but you know he, you know, as long as you're making a plan and you're following a plan and you're doing something to move forward. Get ahead.
Lavana Oriley: Keeping your, you know, keep going to meetings he you know that recoveries got to be, you know, number one.
LTE: Yeah, and yeah.
LTE: The kids.
Lavana Oriley: You know, obviously, and you know you're working your job. And if you continue what you're doing, you're not going to have any trouble getting those kids, you're not gonna have
LTE: Any trouble you know I maybe maybe in three months.
LTE: I mean if Don is really in the US. His lawyer to fight against me. He's going to spend thousands and more dollars for no reason.
LTE: You know,
LTE: Maybe in three more months, they'll see that all right you know she's doing what she needs to do.
LTE: You can either fight me or you can give my kids back
LTE: You know, moving. Either way, the fights going to happen. You know, like so. Maybe by then they'll see and they will see my side of it, you know.
LTE: It doesn't help the brands and the picture because she's just in there.
Lavana Oriley: She's a very negative
Lavana Oriley: Influence. Yeah.
LTE: Over every little thing.
LTE: Yeah, and she hasn't been brother thinking that I'm talking crap about heard everybody, and I'm not like she this girl that works in the cafeteria that knows her was like you know what braylon messaged me the other day, she she messaged me up.
LTE: Oh well, I thought you were mad at me. So that's because Trina works at the school now. So that's why I didn't message you back from this, blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, dude, I'm not going around the town. Same shit about her. What is there to say. She's terrible. It's not. I mean, yeah.
LTE: They're beautiful for school every day. She loves them. I mean, she hates the shit out of me, but
LTE: I know and you know if she could, she probably would talk shit to the kids about me but don't he wouldn't let her, but it's like Donny, you're not always around so it's
Lavana Oriley: Yeah yeah
LTE: I'm a little worried about that. But make sure you know so no matter what anybody said about me.
LTE: They would just put that in the back of their mind.
LTE: That's what kids do. And I mean they they take things in and they make their own decision. That's just how it goes.
You know,
LTE: I just
LTE: It's just going to artist really
LTE: Donnie takes a little bit of his control back because I
LTE: Feel like I'm just going to be fighting her at the end of this. Oh.
LTE: Yeah. Her sticking up for himself. I'm going to be fighting her at the end of this and if
LTE: You don't even belong in this at all.
Lavana Oriley: Right, you're gonna. You're not even part of our family.
LTE: Yeah, and you were and then and now you're like the biggest problem ever when you could just do your own thing.
You know,
LTE: But I mean, I appreciate her. I really do. But
LTE: She's making it seem she's making World War three, when there's already wars going on.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, it's unnecessary.
LTE: Making more is it's so unnecessary. And then hurt filling my brothers had with this. Oh, she's talking crap to everybody in town about me dude I'm embarrassed to you to talk about what's going on. I don't want to talk about any
Lavana Oriley: Right. Right. Yeah.
LTE: We got great somebody doesn't know all this shit and my wife I let
LTE: I let them keep thinking, nothing's ever changed.
Lavana Oriley: Right now, right.
LTE: It's not to your advantage to be
Lavana Oriley: talking shit about her.
Because
LTE: There's a lot of money.
Lavana Oriley: Going down
And
LTE: She and I have run any of my social media nothing because
LTE: I just don't want she's the type of person to post means
LTE: Just little prick.
Yes.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah yeah
LTE: And and then somebody showed me this post that she posted and it was like an old nine year old ladies thing best Valentine's gift ever let us mom happen, and she posted that and wrote ditto because her and my mom like literally
LTE: Provide my brother.
LTE: God alone. Like why would you post that for all your friends to see like, and then it every like you know you can comment. I mean,
LTE: Yeah, you can react like hard
LTE: LAUGH face face face thumbs up and there's like I sort of got like 25 people that laughed at it, which means they know what's going on in her life.
LTE: And
LTE: They're laughing at at her little shit. She's saying, you know what I mean.
LTE: Mm hmm. Because if anyone else would just hard it they would think that was cute.
Lavana Oriley: Mm hmm.
LTE: So that means all those people. She has talked to about our whole family drama everything that's happened 25 fucking people
LTE: That that was just the people that liked that one.
LTE: And it's like, she's a realtor she uses her. She uses her social media for her work.
LTE: She's very popular and it's like
LTE: I'm not
LTE: I'm not telling anybody anything but it just sucks. On the other end with her doing that but telling my brother. That's what I'm doing and him really really leaving
LTE: And I'm close with my brother. He's four years younger than me. I raised in practically because my mom left when he was four.
LTE: Hmm. So it does hurt, you know, and then I'm just, I don't message him. I don't try to fight with him. I mean, fight over him. I know that in 10 years when I'm doing great, and everything's over in a bad dream.
LTE: he'll still be my brother.
Lavana Oriley: You know, have you tried to meet with him, like on an aside, just you and he
LTE: Tried he will do it.
Lavana Oriley: You won't do it.
LTE: Women answer my phone calls.
LTE: Oh hates me that much.
LTE: And it's just a problem for him. It's too much for him to deal with.
LTE: Yeah, like, and then I think also, he doesn't want to because he was just like my mom. He was sneaking around trying to get my kids custody without even telling me about it.
LTE: So he probably really doesn't even want to talk about it or anything, you know,
LTE: Who will do give my kids back, you will have to fucking bother at all.
LTE: Yeah, obviously I would give him and her.
LTE: All the time in the world with them. I would not just take them and and not even about mad at them.
Lavana Oriley: Right, right. You wouldn't deprive your kids have their family.
LTE: And I would let them, I would let free Lynn have them. I would you know i'd lay some laws down.
LTE: You don't talk bad about me to make kids and don't
LTE: Yeah, here don't compare you and me to my kids.
LTE: You know, that's all.
LTE: I thought I don't talk bad about you I say all religion. Did you. You're so cute today on my end. They have no idea that anything's going on, and I would expect the same from you.
LTE: Right, you know,
Lavana Oriley: As an adult, yeah.
LTE: Yeah, absolutely. So
LTE: So that's pretty much the gist of it. Okay.
Lavana Oriley: Well, it sounds like you're getting things lined up, you're getting things together. You know what you need to do. Do you know
LTE: What do you think you think that I should
LTE: Pay for an apartment and then tell my mom get my car back
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, I need to get that apartment by
By May.
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Go to court, June. You got that apartment.
LTE: Yeah. Yes, yes. That's exactly what I was thinking to
Lavana Oriley: And and we're name is on that car. Your name is on the
Lavana Oriley: pink slip. If she gives you any, any kind of grief at all. You take the police over there to get your car back
Lavana Oriley: I like my world car to go to the store and she's never given it back since.
LTE: I mean, should I have a text proving that she took it for me.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, you
Lavana Oriley: Know you should not have to buy another car. No matter everything she has taken from you. You're, you're going to get back in it, you don't have
Lavana Oriley: One on
LTE: TV, would you be mad or you would call me text me when you want to be my mom again.
Lavana Oriley: Right, right.
LTE: Because this is below me.
Lavana Oriley: And she's not you know is supporting you, or helping you, or being of any kind of encouragement at all to you during this time and you don't have to reciprocate. You don't owe her anything
LTE: You know up. It's just crazy to me that up until I went to court with Carol she treated me like such shit.
LTE: Oh, you're going to go panhandle and you're going to do this and you're going to do that and dead. I didn't just being a jerk. And then I went with Carol.
LTE: And mom, seeing that I have a little bit of backup.
Lavana Oriley: Right, you're standing up to her. She didn't expect that.
LTE: And know all of a sudden choose just he's not
LTE: My opinion of little bit matters now.
LTE: Pretty much a little bit like
Lavana Oriley: The more you the more assertive, you are, the more you
Lavana Oriley: Stand up for yourself, the more you basically, you know, stress, you're an independent person it it
Lavana Oriley: Throws your relationship off.
LTE: It will. But I mean,
Lavana Oriley: That's what you
LTE: See, she's got to see like, why would I know you know what I mean, like she fought for her kids. She lost one of her kids. She hates her husband because of that to this day.
LTE: And she was nuts.
LTE: He she wasn't okay to have her kid.
LTE: And he raised her to be a good sweet perfect sister to me.
LTE: And he was always good to me and my brothers, even though we were the kids of man that stole mom from him.
LTE: And she hates him to this day. What is any different than one, you know, I mean, what you're going to be done.
Lavana Oriley: To her. Yep, exactly.
LTE: So no, that's no
Lavana Oriley: You are you are you are the top priority right now getting your family back together is top priority. You don't have to people, please your mom or your brother, you
LTE: You have I do my brother it
LTE: sucks, but it's like God. He's almost written off right now because he's so stuff up her ass.
LTE: Yeah, the
Lavana Oriley: girlfriends or
Lavana Oriley: girlfriends are going to win over sisters every time.
LTE: They are they are, but it's like, dude, I made an agreement with you. How can you just stop communicating with
LTE: Yeah, it's
LTE: Yeah, I won't even hitting you up. Hey Bro what are you doing
LTE: Yeah, I'm really asking about the awards ceremony.
Like
LTE: Literally three times a month something comes up, or I truly feel like I need to talk to you, then you can answer my phone call or text me back unless you're at work.
LTE: You know,
Lavana Oriley: Yeah. And then that otherwise his girlfriend will get
Lavana Oriley: To get jealous.
LTE: And and it doesn't help my mom's made so much hatred and then such a bitch to braylon that braylon puts me in mom in the same category. Now even though she hasn't even spoke to me, since all this, you know,
Lavana Oriley: Mm hmm.
And
LTE: It's just, it's just, it's like high school. Yeah. Those guys quite like my mom's eyes color reloads I score.
Lavana Oriley: Well, I'm telling you you're, you got this. You're like, you are so much stronger now than last time I saw you.
LTE: Yeah. Yes.
Lavana Oriley: You've got a plan. I think you know what you need to do. And I think you're
LTE: You know, you know, I just I can't stress enough how many signs. I'm just seeing her God
LTE: Like how did they miss that one person and
LTE: And permanent guardianship gets pushed to June 25 way over on June 25 perfect man. How do I just happen to have tax returns coming right now.
Lavana Oriley: Mm hmm.
LTE: And how did Carol just happened to fall into my lap and just have this huge soft spot for me.
LTE: Hmm. And, you know,
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, you got your higher power looking out for you.
LTE: Yeah, I do. Yeah. Hundred percent so hundred and 10%. That's awesome.
Lavana Oriley: All right, well I'm gonna let you go.
LTE: All right, live on a
Lavana Oriley: I think you're on a good path.
LTE: You know,
Lavana Oriley: I don't think we need to keep meeting unless you run up against a huge crisis. I think you're kind of on a good path right now. What do you think
LTE: Okay, okay. Um, I will something huge. I'm glad we talked, because I feel like that was a whole bunch of stuff that I didn't do much.
LTE: Good. So if I ever feel like that. I will ask you for a one on one.
Lavana Oriley: Okay. Sounds good.
LTE: Okay, and then I'll see you on Thursday.
Lavana Oriley: All right, you got it. Alright.
LTE: Have a good night live on the screen and
Lavana Oriley: You are welcome.
LTE: Bye. Okay.
Bye bye.